hello I'm bill Donnelly from sapphire
technology and today I want to talk to
you about two exciting new models in our
latest range of graphics cards you're
probably aware that AMD have just
launched the new R series of graphics
processors and what we've done that the
Sapphire is to take a couple of models
with the most extreme settings that we
can do aimed at the enthusiast Safa has
well known for its innovation in coolers
and it's build quality for graphics
cards the Toxic brand is always the
highest performing card in any product
family the most extreme overclock we can
deliver and top quality components and
almost always comes with a very special
caller and the new series is no
exception the sapphire r9 280x will be
our new top of the range toxic model and
it has an exciting new cooler which I'm
going to describe in a little more
detail so to get the most extreme
overclocks on the card we actually need
to deliver more power to the GPU so on
our new toxic model we've actually got
not just digital power control but we've
got eight phase-- power for the GPU and
additional two phases of power for the
memory so we can deliver the maximum
amount of current on demand to the GPU
the power section is maintained at a
cool level because we're using our sefa
exclusive diamond chokes and we also
have a whole lot of solid capacitors and
other components in there designed to
maintain high reliability so the higher
we take the clocks the more heat is
going to be generated by the GPU so the
next thing we need to achieve maximum
performance is a highly efficient cooler
and what we've done with this toxic
model is we're using 10 millimeter heat
pipes for the first time this is an
industry-first for sapphire we're going
to get the maximum amount of heat away
from the GPU into the heat sinks so the
next thing we need to do is make sure
we've got a really efficient cooler the
new toxic cooler which we're calling the
Tri X cooler has three special features
first of all it has three aerofoil
section fans each of these is designed
to give maximum airflow
with a minimum amount of noise each of
the fans has aerofoil section blades so
they ran quietly and efficiently whilst
moving a decent amount of air through
the system but this time around our
flagship toxic products got a little
brother there's actually a sapphire
online 270x toxic addition and the 270x
toxic we'll share all the features that
I've talked about with the caller triple
fans 10 millimeter heat pipes special
shroud and again features an extreme
overclock but actually should be
available for about a hundred dollars
cheaper than the 280x model both models
come with a dual BIOS so if you've got
one of the latest UFE equipped
motherboards you can at the flick of a
switch make our cards compatible with
that - my name is Bill Donnelly thank
you for watching